## Advanced package creation

Here is a simplified help output specifically around creating releases:

```
Usage: Squirrel.exe command [OPTS]
Creates Squirrel packages

Commands
      --releasify=VALUE      Update or generate a releases directory with a
                               given NuGet package

Options:
  -h, -?, --help             Display Help and exit
  -r, --releaseDir=VALUE     Path to a release directory to use with Releasify
  -p, --packagesDir=VALUE    Path to the NuGet Packages directory for C# apps
      --bootstrapperExe=VALUE
                             Path to the Setup.exe to use as a template
  -g, --loadingGif=VALUE     Path to an animated GIF to be displayed during
                               installation
  -n, --signWithParams=VALUE Sign the installer via SignTool.exe with the
                               parameters given
```

### Loading GIFs

Squirrel installers don't have any UI - the goal of a Squirrel installer is to install so blindingly fast that double-clicking on Setup.exe *feels* like double-clicking on an app shortcut. Make your installer **fast**.

However, for large applications, this isn't possible. For these apps, Squirrel will optionally display a graphic as a "splash screen" while installation is processing, but only if installation takes more than a pre-set amount of time. This will be centered, backed by a transparent window, and can optionally be an animated GIF. Specify this via the `-g` parameter.

### Setup.exe Signing

Signing your installer with a valid code signing certificate is one of the most important things that you need to do for production apps. Both IE SmartScreen as well as virus scanning software will give a significant amount of "points" to apps that are signed correctly, preventing your users from getting scary dialogs.

Acquire a code-signing certificate - it's recommended to get a Windows Error Reporting-compatible certificate, see [this MSDN article](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/hardware/hh801887.aspx) for more information, then pass the `-n` parameter, which are the parameters you would pass to `signtool.exe sign` to sign the app.

Squirrel makes signing easy, as it signs all of your application's executables as *well* as the final generated Setup.exe.

An example invocation including both of these features would be something like:

```
Squirrel --releasify MyApp.nupkg -g .\loading.gif -n "/a /f CodeCert.pfx /p MySecretCertPassword"
```


### Machine-Wide Installs via MSI ([#466](https://github.com/Squirrel/Squirrel.Windows/issues/466))

Squirrel's Releasify command generates an MSI file suitable for installation via Group Policy. This MSI isn't a general-purpose installer, this means that once you run the MSI, users from now on will get the app installed, on next Login.

So, most normal users should continue to run the Setup.exe's generated by Releasify, but if you want to have an IT Admin Friendly version, you can hand off the MSI

Most users of Squirrel won't have to do anything new to enable this behavior, though certain NuGet package IDs / names might cause problems with MSI. Generating MSIs can be disabled via the --no-msi flag.